Alright. In this section of the course,
we are gonna have a lot of fun. We are
gonna start building our own APIs.
We're gonna be following this guy's
prescribed method of developing APIs.
We're gonna be looking at resources.
We're gonna be looking at developing our
own API. So remember the last section of
course, we're looking at the RESTful
clients. This time, we're gonna take those
clients and we're gonna use the exact
same thing. So we're looking at Swagger
documentation there, and in this part of
the course, we're gonna implement the
API's that we were previously working
with. So this should be some fun for us
to do. We're gonna go through it step by
step, and it's gonnao give us a chance to
leverage some really cool stuff that
we've been working with in of course
all along. So we're gonna continue
using an H2 in memory database. We're
gonna continue using JPA and Hibernate,
and we're gonna leverage everything that
we did. But now, we're gonna take all that
knowledge that we have before. We're
gonna build a RESTful front end onto it,
and we'll go through a step by step.
Right now, in this part of the course,
we're gonna be focused on Spring MVC.
So Spring MVC is probably the most
popular technology, as far as Spring
Framework goes for developing RESTful
endpoints. So the Webflux is brand new.
I'm gonna dedicate a whole section of
the course on Webflux and developing
API's that way in a reactive style. But
here, we're gonna be covering
traditional Spring MVC and developing
RESTful endpoints for that. So we've got
a lot of really cool content in the
section. We're gonna see stuff that we've
been working with in the past. But I'm
gonna throw you citing some new ones.
So like Project Lombok, we've been using
that too, as an annotation processor to
enhance their classes. In this part of
the course, I'm also gonna introduce
you to a project called Mapstruct, which
gives us an object mapper. So you can in
fact expose your entities to a RESTful
client. That is perfectly legal to do and
actually quite often done. Spring
actually has an entire project called
Spring Data Rest, which will expose your
entities directly to a web layer. So it's
perfectly fine to do that. From
experience, almost as your project goes,
you'll often outgrow and just
exposing your entities, and you'll have
some type of data transfer object. So
we're gonna introduce data transfer
objects in this section of the course, and
I'm gonna show you how to set up Mapstruct
to make our type conversion really
easy. So coming up, we have a lot of
really cool content. I'm excited about
this. There's a lot of content in this
part of the course and we are gonna
go through and build our own RESTful API.
We'll go step by step, and by the end of
this section of the course, I think
you're gonna be pretty confident in
developing RESTful API's with the Spring
Framework.